docs: rolldown plugin (#78)
ZephyrCloudIO/zephyr-documentation: docs/recipes/rolldown-react.mdx

import { ChromeExtension } from '../../components/extension';
import { Image } from '../../components/ui/image';
import { SourceCode, Tabs, Tab } from '@theme';

# Rolldown with Zephyr

> <SourceCode href="https://github.com/ZephyrCloudIO/zephyr-examples/tree/main/examples/rolldown-app" />

Reviewer: because the it looks like a button with `Source` it'd make me thought it's the source code of the plugin but this is in fact a forkable example/or user can create it with a CLI command - better to differentiate them not getting reader confused
![Screenshot 2025-02-24 at 09 06 03](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/27a98ca2-b588-4a41-9df9-8423baed2ae5)

> In this guide, we'll walk through creating a Rolldown application and configuring it with Zephyr's release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we'll walk through creating a Rolldown application and configuring it to deploy with Zephyr.
```

:::info Prerequisites

- We expect you to have finished our [Get Started](/general/get-started) guide.
- Have our [browser extension](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/zephyr-mission-control/liflhldchhinbaeplljlplhnbkdidedn) installed in your browser.
- A registered account on [Zephyr Cloud](https://app.zephyr-cloud.io).

If you don't have `nvm` to manage your node version yet, head to [the official nvm guide](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to install it.

```bash
nvm use 20 
```

:::

## Creating a New Project

The easiest way to get started is using the `create-zephyr-apps` CLI:

<Tabs values={[{label:"npm"}, {label: 'yarn'}, {label: 'pnpm'}]}>
<Tab>
```bash filename="Terminal"

> npx create-zephyr-apps@latest

Reviewer: check through the options and recommend them step by step which option to choose

Author: I think we should not add that here, if that structure ever changes we need to go back to update all these docs with the new one.

```
</Tab>
<Tab>
```bash filename="Terminal"
yarn create zephyr-apps
```
</Tab>
<Tab>
```bash filename="Terminal"
pnpm create zephyr-apps
```
</Tab>
</Tabs>

> Follow the CLI prompts and select Rolldown as your bundler. This will create a new project with all the necessary dependencies and configuration.

Reviewer: The CLI hardcoded example name (so it's pretty) it doesn't include Rolldown

## Manually

<Tabs values={[{label:"npm"}, {label: 'yarn'}, {label: 'pnpm'}]}>
<Tab>
```bash filename="Terminal"
mkdir my-rolldown-app
cd my-rolldown-app
npm init -y
npm install rolldown zephyr-rolldown-plugin@latest react react-dom @types/react @types/react-dom typescript
```
</Tab>
<Tab>
```bash filename="Terminal"
mkdir my-rolldown-app
cd my-rolldown-app
yarn init -y
yarn add rolldown zephyr-rolldown-plugin@latest react react-dom @types/react @types/react-dom typescript
```
</Tab>
<Tab>
```bash filename="Terminal"
mkdir my-rolldown-app
cd my-rolldown-app
pnpm init
pnpm add rolldown zephyr-rolldown-plugin@latest react react-dom @types/react @types/react-dom typescript
```
</Tab>
</Tabs>

## Configure Zephyr with Rolldown

Create a `rolldown.config.mjs` file in your project root with the following configuration:

```ts filename="rolldown.config.mjs"
import { defineConfig } from 'rolldown';
import { withZephyr } from 'zephyr-rolldown-plugin';

export default defineConfig({
  input: 'src/main.tsx',
  plugins: [
    {
      name: 'emit-html',
      generateBundle() {

>         const html = `

Reviewer: better split them into a normal file structure like index.html/main.tsx etc to make the build script simple

Author: Won't work. Rolldown requires this to be created at the moment.
